adding info about policy dependencies (#4619)
open-cluster-management/rhacm-docs: governance/policy_dependencies.adoc

[#policy-dependencies]
= Policy dependencies

> Dependencies can be used to activate a policy or policy template through passing the dependency criteria. The following fields are checked on the managed cluster, `dependencies` and `extraDependencies`. When a dependency is not met, the template status of the replicated policy template displays more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Dependencies can be used to activate a policy or policy template when the dependency criteria are satisfied. The following fields are checked on the managed cluster, `dependencies` and `extraDependencies`. When a dependency is not met, the template status of the replicated policy template displays more details.
```

> Dependencies can be used to activate policy or policy template tasks when another policy is in a certain state. The following fields are checked on the managed cluster, `dependencies` and `extraDependencies`. When a dependency is not met, the template status of the replicated policy template displays more details.

Reviewer 2: The phrase "activate policy or policy template tasks" makes it sound like there's a task concept being introduced here which is not the case.  I think the definition should be clarified a little more to make it clear it's the policy or policy template itself that is activated through passing the dependency criteria.
Thanks!

  name: moderate-compliance-scan
  namespace: default
spec:
  dependencies:
  - apiVersion: policy.open-cluster-management.io/v1
    compliance: Compliant
    kind: Policy
    name: upstream-compliance-operator
    namespace: default
  disabled: false
  policy-templates:
  - objectDefinition:
      apiVersion: policy.open-cluster-management.io/v1
      kind: ConfigurationPolicy
      metadata:
        name: moderate-compliance-scan
      spec:
        object-templates:
        - complianceType: musthave
          objectDefinition:
            apiVersion: compliance.openshift.io/v1alpha1
            kind: ScanSettingBinding
            metadata:
              name: moderate
              namespace: openshift-compliance
            profiles:
            - apiGroup: compliance.openshift.io/v1alpha1
              kind: Profile
              name: ocp4-moderate
            - apiGroup: compliance.openshift.io/v1alpha1
              kind: Profile
              name: ocp4-moderate-node
            settingsRef:
              apiGroup: compliance.openshift.io/v1alpha1
              kind: ScanSetting
              name: default
        remediationAction: enforce
        severity: low
----

> *Note:* A dependency cannot be used to apply a policy on one cluster based on the status of another. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Note:* A dependency cannot be used to apply a policy on one cluster based on the status of a policy in another cluster. 
```
